[model_io] Fix the color parsing in the model_io (#961)
robotology/idyntree: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added
- Implement `idyntree-model-view-meshcat` application. (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/961)
### Fixed

> - Once `VisualElement::childElementForName` is called with input equal to `material` a pointer to the `materialInfo` is stored inside the `VisualElement`. (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/961)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix loading material and color information from URDF files. (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/961)
```

Reviewer: (small comment, what matter to the high level user is the high level effect of the changes, not the low-level details with which really few user may be familiar with)
